add jumpstart scenario for Container Service for Kubernetes in Alibaba Cloud (#472)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/alibaba/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Alibaba Cloud Container Service for Kubernetes"
linkTitle: "Alibaba Cloud Container Service for Kubernetes"
weight: 4
description: >-

>   If you are working in a multi-cloud environment, the scenario in this section will guide on creating an Alibaba Cloud Container Service for Kubernetes and onboard it as an Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster in an automated fashion using Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following README will guide you on how to use the provided [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) plan to deploy an [Alibaba Cloud Container Service for Kubernetes (ACK)](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/kubernetes) and onboard it as an Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer: Aligning with the other scenarios lingo
